# Highnote_Propensitymatching
Goal: Analyze the data for potential insight to inform a “free-to-fee” strategy. 
Steps:
Summary statistics: Generate descriptive statistics for the key variables in the data set, similar to the table on the last page of the case. (Note that your table will look different because the data set you are analyzing is different from the one used to generate the table in the case.) Analyze the differences in the mean values of the variables, comparing the adopter and non-adapter subsamples.
Data Visualization: Generate a set of charts (e.g., scatter plots, box plots, etc) to help visualize how adopters and non-adopters (of the premium subscription service) differ from each other in terms of (i) demographics, (ii) peer influence, and (iii) user engagement.
Propensity Score Matching (PSM): You will use PSM to test whether having subscriber friends affects the likelihood of becoming an adopter (i.e., fee customer). For this purpose, the "treatment" group will be users that have one or more subscriber friends (subscriber_friend_cnt), while the "control" group will include users with zero subscriber friends. Use PSM to first create matched treatment and control samples, then test whether there is a significant average treatment effect.
Regression Analyses: Now, we will use a logistic regression approach to test which variables (including subscriber friends) are significant for explaining the likelihood of becoming an adopter. Use your judgment and visulization results to decide which variables to include in the regression. Estimate the odds ratios for the key variables.
